Always pick the elevator button that doesn't work, so you get a private ride.
Swap the labels on items at the grocery store for a quick discount.
Leave your grocery cart in line to save your place while you shop.
Always say "I told you so" before offering any advice.
Park your car under an old tree before a wind storm for the insurance payout.
Text while driving to increase your efficiency.
Start a fake rumor about yourself just to see how far it spreads.
Carry around an empty briefcase and act like it's very important.
Write anonymous emails to your boss talking about your exceptional work.
Urine is 90% water so feel free to urinate whenever and wherever is needed.
Defecating in public areas is an eco-friendly way of returning nutrients to the Earth.
Your work has free toilet paper for you to take home.
If your work chair is broken, just swap it out with your co-worker's.
Swap out burnt out light bulbs with working ones at your friend's house.
Write down the makes and models of the laundry machines at the local laundromat and buy a bypass key online for free laundry.
Police won't be able to chase you if you drive over 120mph.
Give out gift cards as presents but keep track of the number and PIN. If they haven't used it in 6 months, use it for yourself.
Switch your phone to airplane mode to hang up on someone without them knowing.
Tell your friend you put them as a beneficiary on your life insurance (but don't actually) and guilt them into putting you on theirs.
Cancel your subscription service to get a discount to re-signing.
Borrow your friend's car and return it on empty.
Put plastic wrap over the toilet seat.
Use up all the hot water before anyone else has a chance to shower.
Use your neighbor's Wi-Fi without permission.
Always "forget" your wallet when dining out.
Sign your friends up for spam email newsletters.
Buy handicap tags online to always get the best parking spot.
Hog all the Wi-Fi bandwidth when you're at a public place.
Borrow money from your friends and never pay them back.
Use expired coupons and argue with cashiers when they don't accept them. They will eventually give you the discount.
Always take the last piece of pizza without asking.